All right in this video, I want to talk
about how to get the most out of the
Spring Framework 5 Beginner to Guru
course. There's a lot of resources here
and not everybody utilizes
everything properly. So there's a lot of
tools in this course to help you become
a true expert on the Spring Framework.
I want to explain those to you in
this video.
I am using GitHub for all the
source code examples, so GitHub is a very
popular source repository. I have over
twenty three separate github
repositories and I'm going to be adding
more to the course so that number is
actually going to grow so there's a lot
of repositories that you can use and
utilize for resources in this course. Now
I'm finding that some people aren't that
familiar with GitHub. I'm gonna help you
get started also. I've added an Appendix
A with information. If you're brand new
to GitHub, don't worry. Go to Appendix A
and we can get you started with GitHub
and you can start accessing these source
code examples.
Now one thing that I am
using in the course are branches. Most of
the sections of the course are gonna
have a starting branch. This is gonna
be the state of the code at the
beginning of the lesson. I'm also gonna
have an ending branch. So I'm gonna code
everything and then save the state of
the code at the end of the lesson. Now, if
you are familiar with git or other
source code control systems, you might be
thinking this is an odd use of branches.
"Are you like a crazy person?"
BUT not
totally crazy there is a method to the
craziness here. I did branches because it
allows you to go through the course and
as you look at the branches, you can
compare your current source code
to the branch and a lot of times, if you
get an error, you might be missing an
annotation somewhere on the course.
You might not fully understand what that
error is. You can do a comparison to the
branch inside of GitHub and see any
differences between your code and my
code because my code is going to be
working or was it at least working when
I checked it in. This is a way that
you can see Delta's (differences) see if you forgot
something to see if you missed a class
or something like that
it's a great way for you to proceed in
the course and really get you over any
little speed bumps. Because I know as you
start learning new things, it's really
easy to forget an annotation here and
there. I do it all the time
but I've seen these errors a thousand
times so it's kind of natural it doesn't
stumble me up. But you as a beginner, it's
going to trip you up. So you have this
tool and resource go and use that.
Through using branches, I can go in and
update the source code. So as new
releases of the Spring Framework come
out, I do go in and update the
releases. Typically, it's pretty good. It
doesn't break anything but sometimes
there's minor breaking changes and I do
need to make updates to that and that
will call that out in a breaking changes
but it does keep us running on the
current version of Spring Framework. If I
were to use tags or commit IDs, I would
not be able to go in and update these.
Those are very static points in time.
However, branches are long-lived and I
can go in and see that and you also can
look at that branch and seeing any
commit activity I've had on that branch
since I created.
"Are you like a crazy person?"
So I consider being a little
crazy not to be using branches.
Another recommendation, you guys see me make
inside the course is to go and do a fork.
Now, a fork is like taking the repository
to your own GitHub account and If you
don't have a good GitHub account, don't
worry. It's absolutely free. I
recommend you to fork those to your own
GitHub account. As you follow along
the course, you're gonna build up a whole
repository or a bunch of repositories
that you can show to future employers. So,
when you go to get a job as a Spring
Framework developer, you can say look at
all the stuff I did in these courses on
Udemy and to show off my work.
Now
also exclusive to this course
is a Slack community. Inside the
community, you can interact with me. I've
got some teachers assistants that help
me answer student questions. They
monitor the slack community, and then
there's also two thousand other students
from around the world. You can get
help in the course or if you're working
something cool with Spring, you can also
ask questions about that. We do have a
lot of great content or a lot of great
conversations in that community about
stuff, so I'm going to focus on answering
questions in the course
but there's a lot of great community
contributions there. Right now, we're
at 2,000 people in there. It's rapidly
growing. I think this is really really
cool community. I'm really excited about
the way it's turning out. Here's an
example of the Slack channel. So you can
see the people in there talking about it.
You can see we're not quite to 2000. I
expected by the end of the week, we will
be there because we do have new people
signing up all the time into the Slack
community, but you can see how people are
talking and they're asking questions and
interacting. So as you're learning the
Spring Framework, this is a great
resource for you to learn more about
Spring and the Spring community as a
whole.
If that didn't convince you to
join the Slack Channel, I also do free
shirt Fridays. Every Friday I give away a
free Spring Framework Guru t-shirt. It's
the same t-shirt that you see me wearing
in the videos. I give away just one. I
can't afford to give away all kinds of
t-shirts but I do give one away every
Friday. I've literally shipped
t-shirts all over the world. I've sent
them apparently to the US, India, Ukraine,
Poland. Actually sent a lot to Poland
that's kind of surprising. Now if you
want to get that Slack community in
section one, where this video is later on
a couple sections down you will see so
instructions exactly how to join the
slack community.
Next is a free 90-day
trial for IntelliJ. Now IntelliJ I use
that because it is the most popular IDE
for Java development. It is widely used.
It has overtaken Eclipse for popularity.
It is NOT a requirement for this course.
Now all my source code examples are IDE
agnostic. They will build with Maven or
Gradle depending on which repository
you're in. So you can use those and
Eclipse does support both Maven and
Gradle but I do not personally use
Eclipse anymore.
I've been using IntelliJ for well over a
decade. That is my preferred IDE.
As you get into corporate
environments, that is probably what
you can see the most of. I know a lot of
shops are still on Eclipse, but from what
I'm seeing in the industry and the
clients I'm working with, it's almost all
IntelliJ now. I am able to offer a 90 day
trial code for IntelliJ through my
partnership with JetBrains.
See section one a couple of lectures from
this one, and you'll see instructions on how to
do that you'll register for our code. You
can go download IntelliJ Ultimate right
now. You will get a free 30-day trial
after a few days after a few days of
registration there's still kind of a
batch process on my side. I will get you
a 90 day code. I recommend you try to
take that 30 days in that first one and
then apply the 90 day code which
effectively will give you 120 days of
IntelliJ Ultimate completely for free.
And then a really nice resource in this
course, I call it a Spring Boot cookbook.
There's I think about a dozen
repositories in there looking at
different examples like using a Rabbit
or ActiveMQ in Spring Boot. These are
just little source code examples to step
you through using these different
technologies to get you started quickly
with these different technologies. So
kind of a repository there. Very
commonly used technologies with Spring
to help jump-start you on that. So I do
cover a lot in the course, but this
doesn't cover some stuff that I do not
specifically cover in the course.
And anybody joining the slack community
or taking advantage and or taking
advantage of the 90 day free trial to
IntelliJ Ultimate automatically gets
enrolled in my Spring Framework Guru
newsletter. This is a series of emails
that you'll receive a few times a week
general stuff about Spring, the history
of Spring, people like who Rod Johnson is
and Josh Long and some of the Spring
projects. I do have a very active blog
with a lot of content on it. I'll
reference blog posts there and give you
some tales from the trenches from my
experience as being a developer out in
the industry and some amusing tales like
that. So a lot of good content there in
the emails. You don't have to join
the Slack community or the 90-day trial
for IntelliJ Ultimate. If you want the
newsletter content, head over to my
website. You can enroll right there
but there's a lot of really good content
in that newsletter to get to your email
box with general stuff about Spring and
some amusing stuff in there as well.
Now, just a quick summary here, I've given you
a lot of good hints here. The number
one thing is if you want to become master
at Spring is to complete this course.
I highly recommend that you follow along
with the source code examples. I did talk
about using GitHub Branches comparison
Forks. I think it's a great idea for you
to fork that repository to your own
personal GitHub account so you have
something to share with potential
employers. The Slack community is a great
resource and got over 2,000 or well we
will soon have over 2,000 people in
there, where you can collaborate with
other Spring Framework Gurus from
around the world. I also have that 90
day free trial to IntelliJ Ultimate,
should you need it. So a lot of great
resources here. There's a lot of great
content in this course ahead of you. So I
really hope you enjoy this course and
please rate the course that does help me
out. It does help others find the course.
And if I did not earn that highest 5 star
rating, please tell me why and what I can
improve. I do get people that leave lower
than 5 star ratings and with no feedback.
So, if there's no feedback I don't know
what I can improve, and what you didn't
like about the course, and how I can make
this course better. So I hope you found
these tips valuable because at the end
of the day, I do want to see you find
success in this course. I get contacted
from students all the time telling me
how this course helped them find a new
job and it's a terrific feeling. So, I
want to see you find success so I
can be doing a little happy dance like
this!
[Happy Dance!]